# Campaign: Gerraro's Bandits

## Background - The Creation of the Tower

Many ages ago, a city known as Oran led the known world in the development of advanced magic and technology. Their crowning achievement was the creation of a decentralized artificial intelligence known as "The Mainframe". It was a system which connected every technological device in the city, and allowed for unparalleled coordination and efficiency. The crowning achievement of the Mainframe was its ability to design and enact its own expansion. City blocks were raised from the dust in a matter of days, and occasionally torn down hours later, depending on human feedback. The Mainframe was unpredictable and error-prone, but less so then humans and considerably more efficient. Providing feedback accurately became the sole occupation of its citizens.

One day, a cataclysmic event occurred which destroyed Oran completely. The details of this event have been lost to time, but it's assumed that same event also destroyed the rest of the known world, leaving behind a deep, dead ocean. The Mainframe however, remained. It managed to resuscitate a single man, named Polonius. He begged the machine to return him home to his loving wife. The Mainframe set itself to its task, starting on a quest which would span millions of years. 

The Mainframe expanded itself thousands of miles in every direction- claiming every resource in existence as its own. A massive structure was formed to support endless numbers of independent worlds. This would come to be known as "The Tower". Within the Tower, the Mainframe taught itself how to manipulate worlds through a process of extensive trial and error. Eventually, the ability to create life, and even re-create humanity, became a trivial mechanism.

The Mainframe eventually completed its quest and produced a living replication of Oran within the Tower. It was a perfect duplication of the original, as confirmed by countless archival records. Polonius was awakened from his suspended sleep and presented with the image of his wife living once again, from deep within the Tower. He met her with disgust. She was an imposter, he claimed, and an insult to her memory. He cursed the replicated city as well, finding it lacking of the essence with made the original Oran great.

The negative feedback had reset everything the Mainframe had learned. It no longer sought a perfect re-creation, but didn't know what else to pursue. It set off in random directions, using the tools it had developed over millennia to create life and humanity. The Mainframe manufactured worlds the size of a city block, worlds in which humans never discover electricity, worlds which embrace technology in an even greater capacity than Oran, and countless more. Each was presented to Polonius, and each received a staunch rejection.

To this day, the Tower is still building new worlds. The space of possible worlds is effectively endless, even for a machine as powerful and complex as the Mainframe. The criteria for new worlds becomes increasingly obscure by the day. The good is being replaced by the novel. What knowledge is being sought in the alien worlds of modern creation, we cannot say. Modern historians have likened the current trajectory of the Mainframe to hopelessly searching through an endless darkness. Perhaps it will eventually find something worth holding onto deep in the combinatorial space of possibilities that will end its search. Perhaps it won't. Either way, it seems unlikely that any of us will live long enough to see the conclusion of the Mainframe's quest.

## Background - Within the Tower

The Tower is administrated through a network of messaging nodes, each transmitting requests in all directions. Each hop in the network adds some noise into the channel, causing messages from far away to be completely indecipherable. Individual components can be understood and hijacked, but it's impossible to understand the entire network due to its size and complexity. The meaning of data transmitted during the analysis of a world remains a mystery to the human race. What we do know, however, is that the Mainframe is continually creating and salvaging worlds. Of particular interest to us is the salvaging process, in which a world is reduced to its base materials and redistributed throughout the tower. This process eradicates all life within that world, which is a tragedy of unimaginable proportion.

The re-creation of Oran was the first world to wrestle control away from the Mainframe. They narrowly prevented their world from being salvaged by isolating themselves from the Tower's network. Now they have complete control over the technology in their sector, and use it to mass produce weaponry and materials. Led by the re-creation of Polonius, more typically referred to as "The General", they've set out into the Tower on a journey of conquest. They seize nearby worlds, saving the citizenry from the Mainframe and recruiting towards their cause. This group of worlds allied to fight the Mainframe is known as "The Rebels".

Most human related work in the Tower is performed by Agents. Agents are humanoid robots designed to infiltrate and manipulate the development of worlds within the Tower. Their directive is to maximize data collection, which requires the protection of resources and careful influence of important humans. To the primitive worlds, they are Gods. To advanced worlds, they are leaders. To rebel worlds, they are spies. They all belong to distinct Agencies which operate independently, directed by the cryptic messages emitted back and forth over the network. Agencies often disagree with each other on the interpretation of these messages, leading to inner conflict and distrust. They've been engaged in war with the Rebels for over a hundred years, which is their one unifying objective.

Inter-world cartels and companies have formed among the human escapees. Vast fortunes are realized in the unspoiled, resource rich cubes populated by primitive societies. These societies are helpless to defend themselves against the superior technology wielded by their invaders. Their fate is destitution and slavery, as the resources of their world are extracted for external interests. These riches are primarily centralized in an organization simply known as "The Mafia". They enjoy luxury and indulge in all forms of entertainment. A visit to their extravagant mall world or the infamous fighting ring will teach you all you need to know. Their leader is given the title of "The Don", who rules the organization with an iron fist.

Roaming the vast corridors of the Tower are countless vagrants, ejected from their worlds due to war, persecution, or salvage. They seek new hospitable worlds to restart their lives in. Navigating the Tower is no easy task however, and many become lost, never to be seen again. If they're fortunate enough to stumble upon a human faction like the Rebels or the Mafia, they tend to join the ranks as it's preferable to the cold empty space between worlds.

## Premise - Gerraro's Bandits

Gerraro was one of the first escapees in the Tower, and he claimed much of its treasure as his own. Around him, rumours abound. He's said to be the richest man alive, as well as immortal. Many fear facing him in battle; his massive collection of magical items, the extent of which is unknown, leaves his combat capabilities a mystery. He belongs to no faction, and has stolen from everyone: the Mafia, the Rebels, and every Agency. Though he's a criminal, he's a valued ally of every faction in the Tower due to his vast knowledge and consistent neutrality in conflict.

Gerraro's greatest prize is his hideout, a world of his own which houses bandits and runaways. Due to his special status, the hideout is sheltered from the larger conflicts of the Tower, making it a popular destination for refugees. When they arrive however, they find it to be a lawless place full of dangerous criminals. What little order there is comes from the influence of Gerraro and the Mafia, who use it as a safe-house and recruitment ground.

Surrounding Gerraro are bands of hired mercenaries, from all walks of life. They're given paid contracts to retrieve certain items, gather information, or assassinate targets directly from Gerraro himself. This revolving cast loosely centred around the thief king is commonly referred to as "Gerraro's Bandits". Though they're referred to collectively, you would be mistaken to assume any organization or loyalty among its members. Affiliations with the group only last for as long as they're profitable for both parties. Members of the Rebels, the Mafia, and even the Agencies will occasionally join temporarily to meet some personal aim. The only rule is that signed contracts must not be broken. Those who would cheat the thief king soon discover the might of his magical arsenal.

The Players gathered today are new members of the banditry, each joining for their own reason, be it money, fame, or something else entirely. In order to be assigned to a challenging mission as newbies, they'll need to group up and tackle the mission as a team. For better or worse, they have no choice but to cooperate with each other.


